Update the README (#98)
aesara-devs/aemcmc: README.md

<div align="center">

# AeMCMC

[![Pypi][pypi-badge]][pypi]
[![Discord][discord-badge]][discord]
[![Twitter][twitter-badge]][twitter]

AeMCMC automatically constructs samplers for probabilistic models written in [Aesara](https://github.com/aesara-devs/aesara).

*A compiler for Bayesian inference.*

[Features](#features) •
[Examples](#examples) •
[Installation](#installation) •
[Get help](#get-help) •
[Contribute](#contribute)

</div>

## Features

> This project is currently in an alpha state, but the basic features/objectives are currently as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is currently in an alpha state, but the core objectives are as follows:
```
